My 2025 Goodreads summary is here!
<br><br>
Pages read: 5,855
<br>Books read: 16
<br>Shortest book: The Communist Manifesto, 143 pages
<br>The Longest book: The Wolves of Eternity, 800 pages
<br>Average book length: 365 pages
<br>My average rating for 2025: 4.4/5 stars
<br><br>
2025 Books ranked:
<br><br>
<ol>
<li>The Winter of Our Discontent by John Steinbeck</li>
<li>The City & The City by China Miéville</li>
<li>Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.</li>
<li>The Wolves of Eternity by Karl Ove Knausgaard</li>
<li>Fifteen Dogs by André Alexis</li>
<li>The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde</li>
<li>My Struggle, Book 3 by Karl Ove Knausgaard</li>
<li>The Morning Star by Karl Ove Knausgaard</li>
<li>Swann’s Way by Marcel Proust</li>
<li>If On A Winters Night A Traveler</li>
<li>The Stranger by Albert Camus</li>
<li>Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë</li>
<li>The New York Trilogy by Paul Auster</li>
<li>Sunset Park by Paul Auster</li>
<li>Leviathan by Paul Auster </li>
<li>The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka </li>
<li>The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx & Friedrich Engels</li>
</ol>
<br><br>
Thoughts on what I've read this year:
<br><br>
This year I discovered Steinbeck, reading my first book by him (and coincidentally, his last). I fell in love with his writing, his allegorical storytelling of the moral decay of man in a material society. I can't way to read more Steinbeck this coming year. I also revisited Vonnegut, one of my favorite authors, and was thoroughly entertained by his nonchalant destruction of the fourth wall.
<br><br>I read more contemporary 21st century authors this year with Miéville, Alexis, Auster, and Knausgaard. The former two were gripping and entertaining and I'm exciting to explore more of their works, especially Miéville's. The latter two I read three books each from their bibliographies, which solidified my love for Knausgaard as one of my favorite authors and diminished my appreciation for Auster as I found all his writing to be one-note. 
<br><br>I had one of the most introspective and peaceful summers in memory reading Swann's Way by Proust, and I fell in love with his attention to beauty and slowness. Overlapping with my first visit to France, I saw Paris and the French country through his eyes.
<br><br>I was surprised reading The Stranger by Camus by what it taught me about myself. It was a mirror to examine the impassivity I fall into as not always a virtue, but often as something to be conscious and wary of.
<br><br>I read the Communist Manifesto, this short, influential book that has been a source of hope and fear for millions, and educated myself on its ideas, some of which I felt were no longer relevant, and some I felt were more important than ever to understand and consider as a society.
<br><br>
In 2026 I want to keep the same pace, I'm not concerned with trying to read more or less. I want to read a greater variety of books from different authors, and I want to break free from the classics and explore more noteworthy, contemporary works. Perhaps this coming year I'll also read more non-fiction to diversify the palette a bit further. I'm excited for what it will bring!
