I have been pretty busy this past week so I haven't had much to report. Some of the highlights:
<br><br>
Tuesday night Steph and I picked her cousin's daughter up from daycare as they were occupied with some health-related appointments, and it was the first time we had ever been alone together looking after a kid, let alone in the city. We had a blast entertaining her and chanting rhymes together. We were also painfully aware that we are very obviously not parents, because when she had a small tantrum or two, we both looked panicked and clueless. But we survived, had fun, and now we're remembered and talked about in their home <3
<br><br>
Thursday evening I walked out onto my stoop to find my elderly neighbor's car on fire. "They finally did it" I thought. "One of the neighbors finally had enough of her always starting fights over parking spots and dog shit on the sidewalk (she does)." Come to find out what I was seeing wasn't smoke at all, but steam pouring out of the storm drain under the back end of her car. This was a relief, and I left to run my errand. When I came back and went back upstairs, I glanced out the window to see the elderly neighbor in question with her daughter on the phone. Minutes later, the fire department was pulling up. They told her what I discovered for myself, that it was just steam, and there was nothing to worry about. They taped it off, and left. Fast forward to 4:00AM and I'm awoken by what sounds like a table being dragged across a wooden floor followed by pops and bangs. The source of the steam wasn't just rock salt and snowmelt, but a corroded underground wire arcing with the rock salt and snowmelt. Insanely dangerous, especially on a wet rainy night like it happened to be. 30 minutes later, I was awoken again by the fire department ringing our doorbell trying to get into the basement. I told them I couldn't help, they said they'd come back later, but they never did. In the end, ConEd spent the daßy repairing the issue (knocking our power out for a portion of it) and all is well that ends well.
<br><br>
The rest of the week has been spent doing Christmas shopping. We've been enjoying going out to do our shopping in person, it's what New York does best. Running around, enjoying the holiday energy, and finding unique stocking stuffers is a delight. I was sick last weekend, and now this weekend Steph was the one who was sick. But we will prevail, and we're set to both be better by Christmas day, I'm sure of it. I'll be sad when the season is over. Why don't we have more holidays to distract us from the short days and cold weather in January and February? 