Last weekend our friend's sweet dog was put down. It was such a whirlwind weekend, Steph had just barely finished an interview and we got a panicked call that our friends had just been to the vet and found out one of their two dogs (ironically the one WITHOUT health issues and chronic seizures) had just been diagnosed with what was most likely kidney cancer. The following morning they texted early that they were taking her to the park for what they assumed was to be her last time, and asked if we could meet them there. The dog really loved us and it was both heartwarming and gut wrenching to see her muster the strength to run and play with all of us one last time before being wheeled away in her sick wagon wrapped in blankets. The rest of the day we banded around them as friends to help support, make dinner, and be there for them. She was put down that evening. 
<br><br>
She wasn't our dog, but the whole experience was so hard and naturally left me musing on death. Death is so complicated. Obviously it's filled with pain and grief, but it comes to every living thing, and under the right circumstances, such as this one, can be mixed with feelings of love, sacrifice, and care. Care for this animal and its innocent life and care for our friends who need shoulders to cry on. As we played with her in the park that morning, another dog walker stood near and watched with tears in her eyes. Losses such as these have beauty in them, and as we reckon with what life looks like now that they're gone, their memories slowly take color and become a warm light to reflect on for the rest of our lives. 
<br><br>
The rest of the week has left me feeling so drained and uninspired. It's been difficult to create, I've only gotten my work done because of weekly deadlines I'm held accountable to. That said, I've had a few calls with potential new work clients which is great, and have generally stayed pretty busy. Now this weekend all of our friends are going off on their own mini vacations to tropical climates leaving us in this article tundra that's New York. Maybe we'll go to the MoMA tomorrow to catch the Ruth Asawa exhibit before it's gone!