Happy New Year! Finally writing again after a brief break for the holidays. Not that it was intentional, I've just been bound to my computer less while we've been enjoying taking some time off, and neglecting to update this was a consequence of that. 
<br><br>
I love the new year. I love New Year's Resolutions. The idea that we allow ourselves to collectively reflect, aspire, and turn over a new leaf every 365 days is great. I know for some, resolutions are synonymous with large bursts of energy at the beginning of the year with a slope off into ultimate failure within a few weeks, but I don't think it has to be that way. The trick to set realistic, obtainable measures for yourself. For me, I decided to make a list of things that are "in" and "out" for the year, and a few small goals within 5 categories: personal, social, health, career, and financial. I'll share a few of them!
<br><br>
<u>Personal</u>
<br>
In:<br>
<ul>
<li>Writing more</li>
<li>Volunteering</li>
<li>Speaking more clearly</li>
</ul>
Out:<br>
<ul>
<li>Using my phone for entertainment</li>
<li>Framing thoughts negatively</li>
</ul>
Goals:<br>
<ul>
<li>Hone my skills in narrative writing</li>
<li>Join a volutneer group (Prospect Park Alliance?</li>
<li>Take the Metro-North Upstate</li>
</ul>
<br>
and etcetera! I hope we all take time for ourselves to analyze what is and isn't working in our lives so we can feel happy and fulfilled.
<br><br>
Other than that, it's been so cold in NYC that we haven't been getting out much. The other day I had one of my first real pangs of seasonal blues where I actually longed for spring and warm weather. I miss summer evenings where, if I was feeling bored and cooped up, I could ride my bike to the long meadow, throw out a blanket, and watch the clouds roll by while listening to the chatter of other people around me. 
<br><br>
Yesterday, a friend was hosting a service project at his apartment for his birthday assembling and distributing sack lunch bags for the homeless, so I walked to his place in Sunset Park to help with the assembly portion of the day. To get there, I walked through Greenwood Cemetery, and I immediately felt like a fool for not visiting more frequently. I live only a few blocks away, and it's one of the most phenomenal cemeteries and Victorian sculpture gardens I've ever seen. I'll share some pics from my walk.

