Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
<br><br>
We had a nice holiday with friends and family. We spent our Christmas Eve making tinsel hats with Steph's cousins and Christmas day with our friends enjoying each other's company, eating hardy bowls of stew and drinking lots of egg nog. 
<br><br>
The break we've been enjoying for Christmas has been much needed. It's been so nice to relax, spend our days doing what we want, whether that be going out shopping in the city, hanging out with our friends, or doing nothing at all. 
<br><br>
Yesterday I went on a long walk through the park (see photos) and it was so quiet and peaceful with the recent snowfall. I leaned on a tree and watched the kids sledding for a while, they looked like water slowly pooling up on a windowpane dragging their sleds up the hill, periodically racing down one by one raindrops as soon as the coast was clear. 
<br>
The trail throughout the park was narrow, carved out by feet. The thin strip of exposed cobblestones gave me the impression of walking along the back of an infinitely long snake. At one point I took a turn that I was less familiar with which extended my walk by nearly double. I walked under a bridge I had never seen before, and it was obvious not many others had done so either as the path here was very tight and slippery. I appreciate that I can still feel a sense of exploration in Prospect Park, even now having visited it dozens of times. It's one of my favorite things about living here. 
<br><br>
I've been trying to use my phone less and less lately. Less Instagram (I removed the app for the time being), even less taking pictures where observing and absorbing matters. I want to try writing more when I like something I see and want to remember it. As always, I'm striving to improve my mind and ground myself. Maybe in the next few days I'll write up some good 2026 resolutions. 