Such an eventful weekend! As the holidays and the end of the year draw closer, we've kept ourselves busy with lots to do. Here's the recap:
<br><br>Friday 12/12 Steph and I went to Chinatown for the launch party of the Are.na Annual, vol. 7 book. Are.na is a platform and company I really believe in, and it was such so great to be surrounded by interesting creative people all united by our love for art and the internet. Afterwards I headed to SOHO to catch the end of a friend's event showcasing local tech/art exhibits and installations as well as some live performances from musicians and DJs. One of my favorite parts of going to events like these is the journey home. There's something about walking the streets of New York City alone at night that I love. The sparkling tall buildings, the steam pouring from manholes, the laughter and chatter from restaurants and bars, it's so meditative. 
<br><br>Saturday 12/13 Steph and I went with our friends to the Upper West Side for a Christmas choir concert at the Advent Lutheran Church on the corner of 93rd St and Broadway. We don't make it to this side of the city very often and rush hour traffic and navigating the 14th St station had us rushing, but we made it just in time and were immediately put at ease by the lovely choral voices and harp. For me, listening to a choir in a beautiful church during Christmas time is the best way to get into the spirit of the season. This also reminded me that I need to see musicians in concert more often, because watching the harpist play was divine. After the show we ate dinner and popped over to midtown to see the Christmas fanfare at Radio City Hall and of course, the Rockefeller tree. 
<br><br>Sunday 12/15 we awoke to a winter wonderland. Overnight it snowed some 4-5 inches and every inch of the streets, every twig on every tree, was blanketed in white. We immediately bundled up, ran to Mr Kiwi to buy a carrot for a snowman, and arranged to meet at the park with all of our friends in the neighborhood. Everything was so beautiful and the park was absolutely buzzing with excitement and kids tearing down hills on their sleds. That evening our friends came over for dinner. Of course, just as we were going to preheat the oven for some rolls and salmon, the oven decided it would stop working. Thankfully our lovely neighbors across the hall happily agreed to let us finish our meal in their oven. The food was delicious and we finished the night and weekend singing Christmas karaoke while drinking egg nog and mulled wine. It was the perfect weekend!