I haven't made an update here for a few weeks and I've also been so bad at taking pictures of my life. Things have been so busy! March 17th on St. Patricks day, I started a new freelance position at the Brand New School as a Creative Technologist. The hours are long, until 7pm every day, and the rest of my free hours have been spent keeping up with other freelance work. Needless to say, I've had very little time in my life for much else but work for the past couple weeks. It's been a tough adjustment! I haven't started a new job in an office setting in 7 or 8 years; all of the work I've done since 2021 has been freelance and contract work. One forgets how humbling starting a new job like this can be. Those first few days I was filled with dread as I asked a billion stupid questions and struggled to grapple with the newness of it all. Working on a PC when I'm used to using a Mac, figuring out a new office chair, a new monitor, how to use the coffee machine, find out where the restrooms are, how to access the lobby in the building. Every experience was new and made me feel stupid. But I adjusted, and quickly found myself adjusting to the pace and long work hours. It's good, friction in life every so often makes it interesting, breaks the monotony. I'm going to visit Utah soon on the 8th and I plan to get some other projects finished and out of the way beforehand. It's been so nice to have so much work. That said, the notorious trade-off has already set it. When you're so busy working, it's hard to have the time and energy for personal creative endeavors. I feel like more than ever it will be important to make requests and stipulations to maintain that balance and avoid burning out. 
<br><br>
Oh! One thing I forgot to share is that on the 11th, the site I built for Ritt Momney (the band) released. I'm extremely proud of it and grateful for the cool guys I met to make this happen. Go check it out! <a href="https://base-lidar.live">base-lidar.live</a>