Hello everyone! This is my first time sharing since adding the newsletter sign-up and accruing all of you as my subscribers. It made me smile to look at the list of emails coming in and seeing all of my favorite people among the addresses. I'm flattered any of you care enough about what I have to say to sign up and let me intrude on your inboxes.
I don't have a lot of updates to share, mostly I just wanted to test this and see how well it works. I built it almost completely from scratch, so there's a chance there will be bugs. But I'll do my best to be careful so as to not spam you! I guess the only update is that this past weekend we went to the American Museum of Natural History, a first time for me. I really enjoyed the almost 100 year-old taxidermy displays and the gems and minerals sections; but I think I'm more of an art and artifact museum kind of guy. I crave human stories!
<br><br>
Today felt like my first real day back in my regular routine since being home from my trip to Utah. I spent most of it at the coffee shop making updates to my portfolio on my new computer. Yes, it's true, I'm no longer bound to my 2019 MacBook. It was actually becoming so unusable that even using the browser was a painful experience. The weather was lousy today... spring has a funny way of making me feel like I might be living in heaven one day and then getting cold and wet the next day making me feel like I want to go to bed at 8pm. But such is the season. Gotta get the May flowers somehow. 
<br><br>
Lately I've been listening to a lot of NTS radio. For those who are unfamiliar, NTS is a supporter run, ad-free, online radio station/music platform with a fantastic network of artists and DJs who run scheduled shows playing their own curated mixes. The selections are diverse, and include not only music, but also sometimes interviews, field recordings, typical radio chatter, and more. I always find something new and interesting. Radio has been a mostly-dead platform for over a decade imo, which is unfortunate, because I used to love listening to radio, especially in high school when I was a part of KPGR. Rediscovering radio through NTS has been a joy, and a welcome refuge from the algorithm-fueled hellscape that is Spotify. This is what I'm listening to as I write this:
<br><a href="nts.live/shows/the-nts-guide-to/episodes/the-nts-guide-to-cool-jazz-9th-april-2023">nts.live/shows/the-nts-guide-to/episodes/the-nts-guide-to-cool-jazz-9th-april-2023</a>
<br><br>
Anyways, I'm hoping this week when the weather improves I can get out on my bike some more (I finally bought a helmet!) 
<br><br>
Thanks for reading, have a great week!
