Going on almost 2 weeks now without consistent heat, but we've had portable heaters to keep us warm and the Great Deep Freeze of NYC has officially ended. 
<br><br>
Last night I went to my first event in a while over at Index Space in Chinatown. I met a friend for Halal beforehand and we walked over together through the LES. The panel, which was about teaching creative technology in the age of AI, was honestly just okay. My friend and I both agreed as we were debriefing afterwards that it was a lot of acknowledgment of problems we all already see and appreciate without much suggestion as to a solution or new ways to combat the problem. One thing, however, that stuck out to me was the perspective that using AI to code can be a benefit rather than a hindrance if you already know how to code and are simply using it to extend your abilities or speed up your processes. It becomes a problem when it becomes a crutch and a replacement for learning altogether. It's a difficult topic to grapple with as a designer and a programmer. The answers aren't clear, and no matter your moral stance, the companies hiring you to work for them expect you to use these tools whether you're okay with it or not. 
<br><br>
After the panel, I walked down to Orchard Street to meet our friends for drinks. One of them had just completed a strenuous job interview and some of the others just got back from a week long vacation in the Dominican Republic, so a gathering was in order. Steph and I walked home that night filled to the brim. All three couples split into their three directions by Farrell's to walk a block home at the end of the night. We can't believe some of our closest friends all live so close to us. "Doesn't it kind of feel like we're in Seinfeld?" Having a solid group like ours in the city really feels like we're in a movie sometimes. 