Happy Sunday! It's afternoon as I write this and I hear distant cheers outside my window. Today's the Brooklyn half marathon and the neighborhood is buzzing. It's still quite chilly today and we're coming off a big rain storm that dumped on us yesterday for the entire day. It's actually pretty cold inside too, but I can't bring myself to completely shut my windows. I love hearing the cheers, the birds, small fragments of conversation and laughter as people move to and from the park, the passing cars and the rushing sound of tires on wet pavement. 
<br><br>
This morning Steph and I attended a class at the local fitness studio Esquina on Mobility Foundations. Its purpose was to lay the foundation for learning how to move and recover and make it easier to move into other exercise disciplines. I was drawn to it because it was the first time I've ever attended a class and frankly, I'm very novice. To be totally honest and vulnerable, I'm very inexperienced and have always been bad at exercising. I have a serious mental block around working out that's hung over me my whole life. I'm not very in tune with my body, struggle with the discipline required to keep pushing myself physically, and get easily embarrassed/self-conscious by my weakness and inability. I've avoided classes like this one for a long time, but Steph finally pushed me to come with her, and I'm glad I did. I couldn't always keep up, but I felt comfortable and at ease being there, and I was grateful for the group environment to kept me on pace as we went through the motions. I hope as adapt to these sorts of things, exercise will feel less intimidating and I'll get over this mental block that's stunted my physical well-being for so many years.
<br><br>
I've been in-between bookings on work contracts since getting back from Utah, so as I've been working to set up my next projects, I've also been taking advantage of this time to re-design and re-build The Restroom Archive. My personal projects are always a catalyst to learn something new, so I've been pushing this project to be a lot more interactive and exhaustive as an archival tool. I've integrated account creation for new users, a new restroom submission and upload process, an annotation system for leaving notes directly on restroom models, new grid and map views, various sorting, filtering, tagging, and search tools, and more. I'm really excited with how it's coming along. I've really come to love creating archival sites, hopefully with this experience I'll get the chance to make more for other archives in the future. I still have a lot of work and testing to do, but maybe sometime next week I'll be in a place with it where I  can share more. 
<br><br>
The other night Steph and I went out to the park and it was incredibly beautiful, I'll share some pictures I took that evening. 