It's now been a few days since the notorious "fake spring" has started here in Brooklyn, giving us all warmth and sunshine, tricking us into thinking the long winter is over. I know it won't last and that surely we will return to cold temperatures soon before long, but it's been so nice. The snow is gone, the grass is dry, the park is full of people soaking up the sun. Lately I've been loving the concept of field recordings as a method of capturing a moment, sonically instead of visually. This morning for the first time this year I sat on my favorite bench to read and sip my coffee, and I decided to capture the sounds with my own field recording. You'll hear the hum of distant traffic, birds singing in the naked trees, beeps of a park maintenance vehicle, helicopters flying low, my mug tapping on the bench and coffee being poured from a thermos, chatter from conversations of people passing by, and a quick cough, revealing that I actually woke up sick this morning but couldn't pass the good weather by. 
<br><br>
On Friday the 6th, I turned 30 years old and spent the day at the Met enjoying the art in the Islamic and Asia sections, neither of which I had visited before. Turning 30 felt good, better than I anticipated. I've felt like I've completed a great milestone. Many people asked me if I had reflected at all on the accomplishment, to which I had to confess that I hadn't. For the most part, it was just another day, albeit one spent doing what I loved most. Reflecting on the last decade, I realized just how long 10 years is. Most people only get 8 or 9 of them, and I've completed 3. When I completed 2, I was letting life happen to me. Most of my decisions had been made for me, and as I returned from Colombia and started real life as an adult for the first time, I had no idea what I was doing. Looking back on the first 5 years of my 20's, I see them as some of the worst years of my life. I had no identity, was isolated, lived through covid, and through a religious crisis of faith; I let myself slip and drifted about lost in a dreamlike survival state. The second half of my 20's was spent making up for those years, rediscovering who I was through design school, rekindling the things I was passionate about, and learning to live for myself for the very first time. Now I'm entering my 30's filled with energy and anticipation to let these years be the best of my life. I've figured so much out, not it's time to thrive. 30 flirty and thriving, as they say haha