Spring... it's here. The weather has been so nice! Every chance we get we're going to the park, spending time outside, posting up in our beach chairs or on a blanket with friends just taking in the warm air and sunshine. Today I was itching to get back into my routine of cycling up to Grand Army Plaza. I left early at 10am and when I arrived, I discovered the Farmer's Market going on today. I sat for nearly an hour on the wall resting my feet on my bike and just listened to conversations, watching the people flow by (I recommend listening to the attached field recording). Returning customers at the flower booth I was next to, runners and cyclists on their way to the loop darting every which way, endless strollers, strange looking dogs, strange looking people, a sub-par saxophonist, petitioners asking for signatures, Jehovah's Witnesses not really asking for anything at all; it was endlessly entertaining. When I finally got tired of my post, I strolled over to a vendor selling empanadas and bought a couple, biked down into the park, found a bench by a cherry blossom tree, and set my new post to eat my lunch and read Lonesome Dove, which I've just started. I'm so invigorated. Winters are undoubtedly tough in NYC, but that also means the springs are the best I've ever experienced in my life. Maybe there's an allegory to be made there... 
<br><br>
Anyways, I took several photos and I'm starting to feel like the <a href="https://sunset-dither-cam.jakewel.ch/">sunset dither cam</a> might not be best suited for spring/summer. While it picks up well on the lovely cool and warm tones of the sky, leaves, and snow in the fall/winter, it's not picking up well on the lush greens, yellows, pinks and blues of the new season. I think I might make a new camera app for the new palette. I've had folks ask if I'd ever add the ability to choose your own palette all in one app, but I don't think I will. I like the idea of separate cameras with separate energies–the constraints make me feel more creative. Stay tuned!