For the past week (4/9-4/15) I've been visiting my family in Utah. I hadn't been home to visit since last June, so I planned this solo trip back aligning with my Nephew's spring break so we could all spend time together. 
<br><br>
I flew out of JFK Wednesday 4/8 in the afternoon and arrived late that night, then first thing in the morning Thursday 4/9, I departed South with my family for a long weekend vacation. The first thing I noticed after being away from Utah for nearly a year was how quiet it was. My parent's neighborhood is in the suburban sprawl of Utah Valley, and in the shadow of the mountains it was so still with the morning birdsong of the robins. In only a few hours, the landscape got even more desolate. We drove our cars into the deserts near Delta, and I tell you, there was nothing out there. Just rocky mountains jutting out of a tree-less expanse.  Our destination was Topaz Mountain, and we were in search of its namesake, topaz crystals. Topaz Mountain is a famous rock hounding destination because the crystals are so prevalent there. People look for amber topaz which if you're not careful, will fade to clear in the sun. People also find red beryl, amethyst, and even aquamarine. My dad had bags filled with chisels and hammers, and we used metal hooks to probe sulphur vents in the chalky white rock for crystals that formed as moisture escaped from the Earth. It was so surreal to be here on a desolate mountain after being in New York City not even 24 hours before. It was quiet and open, flowers were growing from the waste against all odds, and lizards and rabbits scampered across rocks and bushes as we traversed the hill. None of us found anything particularly large or valuable, but we all found some pretty little clear topaz crystals lying on the ground, and I even found one growing in a vent like we had been told to look for. It was cool to see it in situ like that, I really felt like I had discovered treasure. 
<br><br>
Friday 4/10 we visited Snow Canyon State Park to do some hikes. I grew up visiting St. George every year to see my grandparents, but it wasn't until a few years ago that I spent any time here. It's maybe one of the most beautiful landscapes in the entire world, and I don't think I'm being hyperbolic about that. The red rock streaked with white, with deep black basalt rock from volcanic activity flowing throughout makes it such a vibrant high contrast landscape that is just unbelievable. I've visited several times now, and still I find my self constantly saying "wow". I was grateful for my NYC lifestyle that has me walking and climbing stairs all the time because the hike was surprisingly easy for me despite being out of practice in hiking outdoors. In the afternoon we went to the nearby town of Veyo where my grandma was raised and my dad lived as a boy and we bought some famous Veyo pies to take back to the park for a sand dune pie picnic. Unfortunately, within minutes of arriving, the wind picked up and sandblasted us off the hill, so we retreated back to our motel with sand pouring out of every inch of our belongings (I'm still finding sand in my things!) 
<br><br>
Saturday 4/11 on our way home, we drove to the ghost town of Grafton outside of Zion National Park. If Snow Canyon is one of the most beautiful landscapes in the entire world, Zion rivals it. In the shadow of Mt. Caramel, this Wild West landscape felt like it was out of a dream. I loved reading the stories about the people who lived there; polygamist pioneers who fought with the barren landscape to grow cotton and lost. In the cemetery there, several gravestones read "killed by Indians", and several Paiutes who lived alongside the people were buried there too. 
<br><br>
I'm grateful for the first half of the trip and the opportunity to spend some time experiencing the full range of what the Western U.S. has to offer. I felt proud of where I come from and was enthralled by the geology and history. The second half of the trip was quieter spent visiting grandparents and friends. Admittedly, I think this portion of my trip came with some melancholy. It's an odd experience to live away from a place filled with memories and for those ties to become more and more distant with the passing of time. People grow old, neighborhoods change, places I used to visit get replaced with new things. 
<br><br>
Monday 4/13 I drove to Salt Lake to meet someone for coffee (which was great!) but being back there by myself felt shockingly depressing. Living in SLC felt like progression at the time, but once we felt stuck and like we needed something different, we moved to NYC. Being back there brought back those feelings of stuck-ness, and now that most of my friends there are gone as well, what was left was this shell that I didn't know anymore, and it made me feel sad and anxious to be back. I felt happiest when I was back home with my family, or when I was doing fun things like visiting the Tracy Aviary with my nephews. 
<br><br>
I don't know how to finish this (lengthy) post; I don't want to downplay the amazing, rejuvenating time I had spending time with my family nor all the phenomenal things I saw. But I'm so happy to be home in Brooklyn. I feel more vindicated than ever in my decision to leave Utah. I don't think I could ever live there again. I think future visits will need to be similar to the first half of this trip with an emphasis on visiting the unique things Utah has to offer. It's home at its best, and it's what I miss the most being away. 
