It's a warm day today, first one in a while. It's been so rainy. I've been jokingly saying whenever we complain about the rain, "but just think of the May flowers!" But now it's May... it's time the sun sticks around for a while. 
<br><br>
I've been back on my bike almost every day, weather permitting. I recently got a bike helmet, so chances of death have plummeted! (What I'm not telling you is that I've always had a bike helmet, but it made me look like such a dork that I never felt motivated to actually wear it.) You know what they say, the best bike helmet you can buy is the one you wear! In my bike adventures lately, I've been going further outside of my usual neighborhood. Most days I'm sticking around here biking up to Grand Army Plaza, going around the park, or cruising around Park Slope; but instead I've been traveling to Fort Green or over to the pier down to the Brooklyn Bridge where I can enjoy the amazing views. 
<br><br>
Friday night I went out with friends and had what felt like a quintessential New York night. I went out and got Halal food with a friend by Union Square, and then we headed over to meet up with some friends at a bar in the East Village called Burp Castle. The bar's big gimmick is that they specialize in Belgian brews, and the theme is medieval. They play Gregorian chants over the speakers, and patrons are expected to whisper, or the bar tender will shush you for being too loud. It was such a funny environment to meet with friends. Once we got tired of whispering, we drifted down the street to McSorley's Old Ale House, which couldn't be more opposite. McSorley's is the oldest continuously operated saloon in the city established in 1854, and famous people like Abraham Lincoln, John Lennon, Teddy Roosevelt, Ulysses S. Grant, Houdini, and many others have visited. The place is packed with loud students, old Irish men, and is covered in saw dust floors and decades, and in some cases centuries of old memorabilia on the walls. Before long, I had to leave, because at 10PM I was meeting more friends in Carroll Gardens to eat at the much-hyped pizza restaurant Lucali. I love navigating the streets of Manhattan and night and passing all the establishments on the way. So many people laughing, so many diverse environments. It's endlessly entertaining. When I arrived at Lucali, we ate our fill of delicious pies, I scanned the restroom, and afterwards we went out to wander the neighborhood, chatting until 12:30AM. It was such a good night with so many friends, so much great food, and so many sights and experiences. It was the type of night that makes me say to myself, "I love living here." 
<br><br>
It's funny, I've long considered myself to be an introverted person. I love being home and I value my quiet alone time. But I've come to realize that I'm also very social! I could be with friends most days of the week, and I would love every second of it. I get so much out of casually spending time around my people. It's been one of the best aspects of living here. This upcoming weekend we have back to back evenings of outdoor/garden/park gatherings, and I'm looking forward to it all. Hopefully this weather holds out! Until then, I'm 532/858 pages through with Lonesome Dove (and loving every second), and plan to spend a lot of time riding my bike to the park to read and take in the atmosphere. 
<br><br>
Have a great week!