What a weekend. It's been so unbelievably cold here in New York City. Saturday, despite windchills of -16ºF, Steph and I knew we needed to get out of the house, so we pushed through and made our way up to 53rd St in Midtown to visit the MoMA. Steph's been wanting to go see the Ruth Asawa exhibit before it closes, and with Saturday being the last day, we knew it was our only chance. It was such a cool exhibit. We both agreed that for us, modern art hasn't been striking the same notes for us in the past few years, but this exhibit following her entire life and career felt more complete, and the context helped deliver her vision in a more impactful way. Asawa was unique in that her beautiful wire sculptures were very organic and inspired from nature. I had the impression while we were there that she understood the nature of the universe and echoed it in her work. My favorite quote of hers was in the gallery dedicated to her practice of weaving art into her daily life at home with her family. "Doing is living".
<br><br>
That night we got home and noticed the apartment was cold, so we spoke with our building super and he came to check the boiler and thermostats, and we assumed the temperature would warm back up. Well, we awoke at 2am to feeling FREEZING cold, and when I checked the thermostat on our air purifier, it said the apartment was 48ºF! I sent messages to our super and landlord hoping for a quick resolution in the morning. You should have seen us three, me Steph and Pepper, three heads in a row under a pile of 5 quilts. In the morning, I touched the radiators and found them completely cold still, and the temperature had fallen to 41ºF. Nobody would answer our calls until 9:30AM when finally I got through to someone, and we resolved the issue. It took the entire day for our apartment to warm back up, and Steph and I napped all day to catch up on our terrible sleep. This winter is no joke (but our landlord's incompetence with our heating is!) It was a very strange day.