Would you look at that, more snow. Just as the great black mountains of ice and filth were starting to melt, just as the canyons of trash and dog piss were beginning to disappear, we got the alert: "NYCEM encourages NYers to prep for a winter storm on Sun, 2/22-Mon, 2/23. 13 - 17 in of snow forecast w/ a 25% chance of 20-23 in possible". And snow it did! We woke up Monday morning to about 18" of snow. This storm was totally different from the last one though. Besides being a lot more snow, it's warmer than it was last time. This means the snow was very wet and heavy, which made it pile higher, and made it more fun to play in. I went on a walk in the park during the morning blizzard, and it was much more pleasant than I anticipated. I didn't feel like steely knives were hitting my face, it was peaceful. Snowmen and forts were already beginning to take shape. Later that night, we went out with some friends to sled, and it was so cute. Hundreds of people, mostly adults and teenagers, were piled on the biggest hill in the park. We laughed and cheered, it was crowded but nobody cared (NYers are used to sharing space). I thought multiple times that this is a storm I'll always remember. 
<br><br>
The rest of this week has been spent helping Steph prepare, because this afternoon, she's flying on a solo trip to Madrid until Monday evening! She had time off and plans to go upstate with a friend, but because of some family emergencies, they had to cancel. Instead of throwing away her opportunity, Steph found the cheapest flight to Europe, settled on Spain, and booked her flight and hotels for a deal! I'm so excited for her, she's been wanting to try going on a solo trip this year. We've been speaking Spanish all week in preparation. This of course means I'll be by myself for the weekend with Pepper. I think we'll have a nice time together. Friday I have an interview and I'm really looking forward to it. It's a solid reference from a friend and I think I'll be a great fit. Wish me luck!!