The month has been passing me by! We've been mostly hunkered down keeping things quiet, but we'v e had a few adventures in the past couple weeks.
<br><br>
Last Sunday the 11th, Steph and I rented a car and drove out to Northport on Long Island. A work colleague of her recently retired and is moving to Bali with her husband. They've been clearing out their home, but now with the move date encroaching, they still have some things lingering around, and she encouraged us to drive out and take some of the left over art and antiques home with us. 
<br><br>
It was a lovely and fascinating day–we had plans to maybe take a few paintings, chat for a couple hours and drive around to some antique stores the rest of the day; but we instead ended up with a carload of beautiful things from them and spent the entire day talking. They were so fun and interesting, the types of people who have lived long adventurous lives. They told us about Jack Kerouac living in the house next door, the fishing village and its history; her husband told us about teaching psychology in Australia to aboriginal prisoners, acting in Kung Fu movies in the 70's, and being in Cambodia during the take over by the Khmer Rouge. It was an unforgettable day and visit, and now we have beautiful things in our home to remember them by. They also insist that we visit them in Bali once they settle, which we are DEFINITELY going to take them up on. 
<br><br>
Other than that, it's snowed a few times since I  last wrote. I've attended an event or two, and we've had cozy evenings, impromptu brunches at diners, and days out in the city with our friends. Staying warm, staying busy.
<br><br>
My work projects have been coming along and I'm getting really excited about a web project I'm doing for a band as it's coming along really really well. Looking forward to sharing more when I can!
<br><br>
It's been really fun seeing people's old pictures with this 2016 throwback trend that's been circulating online. 2016 was a special year for Steph and I as that was the year I got home from my mission and we reconnected and became a couple. How quickly things moved! We've been laughing and having so much fun remembering those early days in our relationship. Hard to believe it's been 10 years. Steph was digging through her old hard drive looking for pics to share and found a folder of music that I gave her when we were first dating. Turns out it has my entire iPod music library from high school with KPGR's full library as well as songs I downloaded from as far back as 2012! A real live time capsule that I thought was lost forever. I might need to get an iPod again...